aberto abierto
abertura apertura
abril abril
acesso acceso
acolher acoger
Adeus Adiós
agosto agosto
ajuda ayuda
aldeia aldea
alguém alguién
aliança alianza
alto alto
amar amar
apresentam presentam
aprofundizar profundizar
aproveitar aprovechar
aproveitar aprovechar
baixo bajo
balsa balsa
belo bello
botelha botella
busca búqueda
cada cada
cair caer
caminho camino
Chefes Jefes
cidadã ciudadana
complemento complemento
conceito concepto
conta cuenta
contenidas contidas
cooperação cooperación
cuidado cuidado
culturais culturales
demasiado demasiado
desatenção inatención
destinar destinar
dezembro diciembre
diálogo diálogo
diferenças diferencias
diferente diferente
direito derecho
eleitos elegidos
empurrar empujar
encontrar encontrar
esforços esfuerzos
Estados Estados
estreitamente estrechamente
feridos heridos
fevereiro febrero
força fuerza
fortalecimiento fortalecimiento
gordo gordo
Governo Gobierno
grande grande
grau grado
harmonia armonía
ícone icono
icterícia ictericia
ideal ideal
idealismo idealismo
idealista idealista
idealizar idealizar
idealmente idealmente
idem ídem
idêntico idéntico
idílio idilio
idiossincrasia idiosincrasia
ídolo ídolo
iglu iglú
igreja iglesia
igualdade igualdad
igual igual
igualitarismo igualitarismo
iguana iguana
iluminado iluminado
ilusão ilusión
imagem imagen
imã imán
imbecil imbécil
imberbe imberbe
impaciência impaciencia
impacto impacto
ímpar impar
impecável impecable
impedir impedir
imperativo imperativo
imperfeito imperfecto
imperial imperial
imperialismo imperialismo
império imperio
impessoal impersonal
implacável implacable
implacavelmente implacablemente
implantar implantar
implante implante
implementar implementar
implícito implícito
implorante implorante
importação importación
impossibilidade imposibilidad
impossível imposible
impostos impuestos
impotente impotente
impressionar impresionar
impressora impresora
impressos impresos
imprevidência imprevisión
imprevisível imprevisible
imprimir imprimir
improdutivo improductivo
impronunciável impronunciable
impróprio impropio
improvável improbable
improvisar improvisar
imprudência imprudencia
impulsionar impulsar
impulsivo impulsivo
impulso impulso
impune impune
impunidade impunidad
impureza impureza
impuro impuro
inaceitável inaceptable
inacessível inaccesible
inadaptação inadaptación
inadequado inadecuado
inadmissível inadmisible
inanimado inanimado
inaplicável inaplicable
inarticulado inarticulado
inativo inactivo
inauguração inauguración
inaugurar inaugurar
incalculável incalculable
incandescência incandescencia
incandescente incandescente
incansável incansable
incapacidade incapacidad
incapacitar incapacitar
incapaz incapaz
incendiária incendiaria
incendiar incendiar
incendiário incendiario
incensário incensario
incenso incienso
incentivo incentivo
incerto incierto
incesto incesto
incestuoso incestuoso
incidência incidencia
incidental incidental
incidente incidente
incinerador incinerador
incisão incisión
incivilidade incivilidad
incivilizado incivilizado
inclemência inclemencia
inclemente inclemente
inclinação inclinación
inclinado inclinado
incluído incluido
incluindo incluyendo
incluir incluir
inclusão inclusión
incógnito incógnito
incombustível incombustible
incomensurável inconmensurable
incomível incomible
incomparável incomparable
incompatibilidade incompatibilidad
incompatível incompatible
incompetência incompetencia
incompetente incompetente
incompleto incompleto
incompreensão incomprensión
inconcebível inconcebible
incondicional incondicional
incongruência incongruencia
inconsciente inconsciente
inconsequente inconsecuente
inconsiderado inconsiderado
inconsistência inconsistencia
inconsistente inconsistente
incontável incontable
incontinência incontinencia
incontinente incontinente
inconveniente inconveniente
incorporação incorporación
incorporar incorporar
incorruptível incorruptible
incrédula incrédula
incrédulo incrédulo
incriminação incriminación
incrustação incrustación
incrustado incrustado
incubação incubación
incubadora incubadora
incubar incubar
inculcar inculcar
incurável incurable
incursão incursión
indecência indecencia
indecente indecente
indecifrável indescifrable
indecoro indecoro
indecoroso indecoroso
indefinido indefinido
indefinível indefinible
indelével indeleble
indenização indemnización
independência independencia
independente independiente
indescritível indescriptible
indesejável indeseable
indestrutível indestructible
indeterminado indeterminado
indevido indebido
indexação indexación
indexado indexado
índia india
indicação indicación
indicado indicado
indicador indicador
indicativo indicativo
índice índice
indigestão indigestión
indigesto indigesto
indignação indignación
indignado indignado
indignidade indignidad
indigno indigno
índigo índigo
indireto indirecto
indiscernível indiscernible
indisciplinado indisciplinado
indisciplina indisciplina
indiscreto indiscreto
indiscrição indiscreción
indisposição indisposición
indisposto indispuesto
indissolúvel indisoluble
indistinguível indistinguible
individualidade individualidad
individual individual
individualismo individualismo
individualista individualista
individualizar individualizar
individualmente individualmente
indivíduo individuo
indivisível indivisible
indócil indócil
indomável indomable
indulgência indulgencia
indústria industria
industrial industrial
industrialismo industrialismo
industrialização industrialización
industrializar industrializar
indutivo inductivo
induzir inducir
ineducável ineducable
inefável inefable
ineficácia ineficacia
ineficaz ineficaz
inepto inepto
inércia inercia
inerte inerte
infinitamente indefinidamente
iniciamos iniciamos
inoportuno importuno
inquestionável incuestionable
irreconciliável inconciliable
jovem joven
julho julio
junho junio
lavagem lavado
língua idioma
maio mayo
maior mayor
mais más
março marzo
mariposa mariposa
meio medio
mejorar melhorar
menos menos
morar morar
morrer morir
muito muy
nada nada
natureza naturaleza
negam niegan
novembro noviembre
novo nuevo
novos nuevos
oferece ofrece
onde donde
outubro octubre
ouvir oir
pequeno pequeño
perdão perdón
pode puede
político político
porções porciones
pouco poco
pressões presiones
primeiro primero
progresso progreso
quarto cuarto
querer querer
reconhecidas reconocidas
recordar recordar
remanescente remanente
requer requiere
requer requiere
respeito respeto
riscos riesgos
saia saya
seguinte siguiente
segurança seguridad
setembro septiembre
sofrer sufrir
sopa sopa
sorte suerte
também también
tanto tanto
telefone teléfono
tempo tiempo
tenda tienda
texto texto
todos todos
tudo todo
último último
vazio vacio
vingança venganza
vinga venga
viver vivir
vulneráveis vulnerables
